fix(curriculum): remove HTML boilerplate steps 1-4 for cafe menu workshop (#63851)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-cafe-menu/5f33294a6af5e9188dbdb8f3.md

---
id: 5f33294a6af5e9188dbdb8f3
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> In this workshop, you will learn the basics of CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) by building a cafe menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this workshop, you will practice the basics of CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) by building a cafe menu.
```

this is a reminder from the previous version, as there are the lessons that teach we tend to not use `learn` for workshops

> It's time to add some menu content. Add a `main` element within the existing `body` element. It will eventually contain pricing information about coffee and desserts offered by the cafe.

Reviewer 2: We should probably tweak the sentence it a bit. "It's time" implies some prior actions happened, but this step is now the very beginning.

```suggestion
Let's start by adding some menu content. Add a `main` element within the existing `body` element. It will eventually contain pricing information about coffee and desserts offered by the cafe.
```
